[ai-text-analytics] add caveat note about TS 3.1 (#9407)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/textanalytics/ai-text-analytics/README.md

}
```

> This feature was introduced in TypeScript 3.2, so users of TypeScript 3.1 **must** cast result values to their corresponding success variant as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strict null checks was introduced in TypeScript 3.2, so users of TypeScript 3.1 must cast result values to their corresponding success variant as follows:
```

Author: I think strict null checks were introduced in TS 2.x, but specifically 3.2 expanded the capability of discriminant tags.
